---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitea_branch_protection Data Source - gitea"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches a Gitea branch protection.
---

# gitea_branch_protection (Data Source)

Fetches a Gitea branch protection.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `owner` (String) The owner of the repo the rule belongs to.
- `repo` (String) The repo that the rule belongs to.

### Read-Only

- `approvals_whitelist_teams` (List of String) Whitelist of teams allowed for approval.
- `approvals_whitelist_usernames` (List of String) Whitelist of users allowed for approval.
- `block_on_official_review_requests` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether pull request blocks on official review requests.
- `block_on_outdated_branch` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether pull request blocks when branch is outdated.
- `block_on_rejected_reviews` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether pull request blocks when pull request is rejected.
- `branch_name` (String) The branch name targeted by the rule.
- `dismiss_stale_approvals` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether to ignore stale approvals on pull requests.
- `enable_approvals_whitelist` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether to enable list of users allowed for approvals.
- `enable_merge_whitelist` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether to enable list of users allowed to merge.
- `enable_push` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether to allow push to protected branch.
- `enable_push_whitelist` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether to enable whitelist of users allowed to push.
- `enable_status_check` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether status checks must pass before pull request merge.
- `merge_whitelist_teams` (List of String) Whitelist of teams allowed to merge.
- `merge_whitelist_usernames` (List of String) Whitelist of users allowed to merge.
- `protected_file_patterns` (String) File pattern of protected files.
- `push_whitelist_deploy_keys` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether to push deploy keys on whitelisted users.
- `push_whitelist_teams` (List of String) Whitelist of teams allowed to push.
- `push_whitelist_usernames` (List of String) Whitelist of users allowed to push.
- `require_signed_commits` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether to require a signed commit on push.
- `required_approvals` (Number) Flag indicating whether to require approvals on pull requests.
- `unprotected_file_patterns` (String) File pattern of unprotected files.


