---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitea_repo Data Source - gitea"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Fetches a Gitea repository.
---

# gitea_repo (Data Source)

Fetches a Gitea repository.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the repository without spaces.
- `owner` (String) The owner of the repository without spaces. `!!IMPORTANT` Note that if owner is not an organization it has to be set as the user related to the terrafom credentials for this provider since Gitea does not offer an API to create repos owned by other users.

### Read-Only

- `allow_merge_commits` (Boolean) Either `true` to allow merging pull requests with a merge commit, or `false` to prevent merging pull requests with merge commits. Defaults to `true`.
- `allow_rebase` (Boolean) Either `true` to allow rebase-merging pull requests, or `false` to prevent rebase-merging. Defaults to `true`.
- `allow_rebase_explicit` (Boolean) Either `true` to allow rebase with explicit merge commits (--no-ff), or `false` to prevent rebase with explicit merge commits. Defaults to `true`.
- `allow_rebase_update` (Boolean) Either `true` to allow updating pull request branch by rebase, or `false` to prevent it. Defaults to `true`.
- `allow_squash_merge` (Boolean) Either `true` to allow squash-merging pull requests, or `false` to prevent squash-merging. Defaults to `true`.
- `archived` (Boolean) Set to `true` to archive this repository. Defaults to `false`.
- `avatar_url` (String) The avatar URL.
- `clone_url` (String) The clone URL.
- `created_at` (String) Date for the creation of the repository.
- `default_allow_maintainer_edit` (Boolean) Set to `true` to allow edits from maintainers by default. Defaults to `false`.
- `default_branch` (String) DefaultBranch of the repository (used when initializes and in template). Defaults to `master`.
- `default_delete_branch_after_merge` (Boolean) Set to `true` to delete pr branch after merge by default. Defaults to `false`.
- `default_merge_style` (String) Set to a merge style to be used by this repository. Can be: merge, rebase, rebase-merge or squash. Defaults to `merge`.
- `description` (String) Description of the repository to create.
- `empty` (Boolean) Empty. (???)
- `fork` (Boolean) Flag indicating if repository was forked.
- `forks_count` (Number) Fork count.
- `full_name` (String) The full name of the repository.
- `has_issues` (Boolean) Either `true` to enable issues for this repository or `false` to disable them. Defaults to `true`.
- `has_projects` (Boolean) Either `true` to enable project unit, or `false` to disable them. Defaults to `true`.
- `has_pull_requests` (Boolean) Either `true` to allow pull requests, or `false` to prevent pull request. Defaults to `true`.
- `has_wiki` (Boolean) Either `true` to enable the wiki for this repository or `false` to disable it. Defaults to `true`.
- `html_url` (String) The HTML clone url.
- `id` (Number) Identifier attribute.
- `ignore_whitespace_conflicts` (Boolean) Either `true` to ignore whitespace for conflicts, or `false` to not ignore whitespace. Defaults to `false`.
- `internal` (Boolean) Internal. (???)
- `language` (String) Detected language of repository code.
- `languages_url` (String) Detected language URL of repository code.
- `link` (String) Link. (???)
- `mirror` (Boolean) Repository mirror.
- `mirror_interval` (String) Repository mirror update interval.
- `mirror_updated` (String) Repository mirror last updated.
- `open_issues_count` (Number) Number of open issues in repository.
- `open_pr_counter` (Number) Number of open pull-requests in the repository.
- `original_url` (String) Original repository URL.
- `private` (Boolean) Whether the repository is private. Defaults to `false`.
- `release_counter` (Number) Number of releases.
- `size` (Number) Repository size.
- `ssh_url` (String) SSH link for repository clone.
- `stars_count` (Number) Awarded stars for current repostiry.
- `template` (Boolean) Whether the repository is template. Defaults to `false`.
- `updated_at` (String) Repository last update date.
- `watchers_count` (Number) Number of repository watchers.
- `website` (String) A URL with more information about the repository.


