---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitea_repo Resource - gitea"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Gitea repository.
---

# gitea_repo (Resource)

Manages a Gitea repository.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the repository without spaces.
- `owner` (String) The owner of the repository without spaces. `!!IMPORTANT` Note that if owner is not an organization it has to be set as the user related to the terrafom credentials for this provider since Gitea does not offer an API to create repos owned by other users.

### Optional

- `allow_manual_merge` (Boolean) Either `true` to allow mark pr as merged manually, or `false` to prevent it.
- `allow_merge_commits` (Boolean) Either `true` to allow merging pull requests with a merge commit, or `false` to prevent merging pull requests with merge commits. Defaults to `true`.
- `allow_rebase` (Boolean) Either `true` to allow rebase-merging pull requests, or `false` to prevent rebase-merging. Defaults to `true`.
- `allow_rebase_explicit` (Boolean) Either `true` to allow rebase with explicit merge commits (--no-ff), or `false` to prevent rebase with explicit merge commits. Defaults to `true`.
- `allow_rebase_update` (Boolean) Either `true` to allow updating pull request branch by rebase, or `false` to prevent it. Defaults to `true`.
- `allow_squash_merge` (Boolean) Either `true` to allow squash-merging pull requests, or `false` to prevent squash-merging. Defaults to `true`.
- `archived` (Boolean) Set to `true` to archive this repository. Defaults to `false`.
- `auto_init` (Boolean) Whether the repository should be auto-initialized.
- `autodetect_manual_merge` (Boolean) Either `true` to enable AutodetectManualMerge, or `false` to prevent it. Note: In some special cases, misjudgments can occur.
- `default_allow_maintainer_edit` (Boolean) Set to `true` to allow edits from maintainers by default. Defaults to `false`.
- `default_branch` (String) DefaultBranch of the repository (used when initializes and in template). Defaults to `master`.
- `default_delete_branch_after_merge` (Boolean) Set to `true` to delete pr branch after merge by default. Defaults to `false`.
- `default_merge_style` (String) Set to a merge style to be used by this repository. Can be: merge, rebase, rebase-merge or squash. Defaults to `merge`.
- `description` (String) Description of the repository to create.
- `enable_prune` (Boolean) Enable prune - remove obsolete remote-tracking references.
- `gitignores` (String) Gitignores to use.
- `has_issues` (Boolean) Either `true` to enable issues for this repository or `false` to disable them. Defaults to `true`.
- `has_projects` (Boolean) Either `true` to enable project unit, or `false` to disable them. Defaults to `true`.
- `has_pull_requests` (Boolean) Either `true` to allow pull requests, or `false` to prevent pull request. Defaults to `true`.
- `has_wiki` (Boolean) Either `true` to enable the wiki for this repository or `false` to disable it. Defaults to `true`.
- `ignore_whitespace_conflicts` (Boolean) Either `true` to ignore whitespace for conflicts, or `false` to not ignore whitespace. Defaults to `false`.
- `issue_labels` (String) Label-Set to use.
- `license` (String) License to use.
- `private` (Boolean) Whether the repository is private. Defaults to `false`.
- `readme` (String) Readme of the repository to create.
- `template` (Boolean) Whether the repository is template. Defaults to `false`.
- `trust_model` (String) TrustModel of the repository. Can be: default, collaborator, committer or collaboratorcommitter. Defaults to `default`.
- `website` (String) A URL with more information about the repository.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) Identifier attribute.


